Added `withConnectionPoolSettings` to AkkaHttpClientBuilder (#13)
matsluni/aws-spi-akka-http: README.md

              .region(Region.EU_CENTRAL_1)
              .httpClient(akkaClient)
              .build()

val eventualResponse = client.listBuckets()
```

> If you need to connect to some AWS service from internal Corporate, where is needed to configure a Proxy, it can be performed in the following way:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you connect to an AWS service from inside a corporate network, it may be necessary to configure a proxy. This can be achieved in the following way:
```

```scala

> val proxyHost = "localhost"

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this code example to the documentation!!! 
Can you please add `val system = ActorSystem("aws-akka-http")` above proxyHost? This is necessary to use the `system` down in the client setup.

val proxyPort = 8888

val httpsProxyTransport = ClientTransport.httpsProxy(InetSocketAddress.createUnresolved(proxyHost, proxyPort))

val settings = ConnectionPoolSettings(system)
  .withConnectionSettings(ClientConnectionSettings(system)
  .withTransport(httpsProxyTransport))

lazy val akkaHttpClient = 
  AkkaHttpClient
    .builder()

>     .withActorSystem(actorSystem)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .withActorSystem(system)
```
